‎Have you ever wondered
how Jehovah views you?
‎Some of our dear brothers and sisters
‎struggle with feelings of unworthiness.
‎It’s important for us
to know that Jehovah God
‎loves and values each of his worshippers,
‎and this includes you.
‎Chapter 20 of the Pure Worship book
‎discusses the heartwarming encouragement
‎we can receive from Ezekiel’s last vision.
‎The title is
“Allot the Land as an Inheritance,”
‎based on Ezekiel 45:1.
‎Please read that with me:
‎“When you allot
the land as an inheritance,
‎“you should offer
as a contribution to Jehovah
‎“a holy portion out of the land.
‎“Its length should be 25,000 cubits,
‎“and its width, 10,000 cubits.
‎Its entire area will be a holy portion.”
‎As you study this chapter,
you will learn this reassuring lesson:
‎No matter how modest our responsibility
‎in the earthly part
of God’s organization may be,
‎each of us has a secure place
in the spiritual paradise.
‎How loving of Jehovah
‎to give Ezekiel a vision that’s filled
‎with such encouragement and assurance!
‎May this chapter help you
to become fully convinced
‎that you are precious to Jehovah
‎and that he values all
that you do in his service.